Add a chapter to the XR manual that improves the startup script. (#8759)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/xr/a_better_xr_start_script.rst

    ...

  .. code-tab:: csharp

    ...

        /// <summary>
        /// Handle OpenXR visible state
        /// </summary>
        private void OnOpenXRVisibleState()
        {
            // We always pass this state at startup,
            // but the second time we get this it means our player took off their headset
            if (_xrIsFocused)
            {
                GD.Print("OpenXR lost focus");

                _xrIsFocused = false;

                // Pause our game
                ProcessMode = ProcessModeEnum.Disabled;

                EmitSignal(SignalName.FocusLost);
            }
        }

    ...

On focussed state
-----------------

This signal is emitted by OpenXR when our game gets focus. This is done at the completion of our startup, but it can also be emitted when the user exits a system menu, or put their headset back on.

Note also that when your game starts while the user is not wearing their headset, the game stays in 'visible' state until the user puts their headset on.

.. warning::

  It is thus important to keep your game paused while in visible mode. If you don't the game will keep on running while your user isn't interacting with your game.

>   Also when the game returns to focussed mode, suddenly all controller and hand tracking is reenabled and could have game breaking consequences if you do not react to this accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Also when the game returns to focussed mode, suddenly all controller and hand tracking is re-enabled and could have game breaking consequences if you do not react to this accordingly.
```

I haven't done a full read through of everything yet, but this error is why the build is failing.

Author: Cheers, I went to bed straight after submitting so hadn't checked the CI
